source/aes/AESsetup.rst, before:

.. _aes-setup:

===========================
Setting up AES for Business
===========================

To complete registration for AES for Business, you will need to provide the following information:
  - Domain which should enable signing with AES (e.g. yourcompany.com)
  - Trade register number of your organisation
  - Name and e-mail address of an internal contact person

Please note that registering a domain incurs a one-time setup fee. Pricing is shown during the registration process described below.

Registering your company for AES for Business
---------------------------------------------

- From your Skribble Business, click the menu button in the top left of the page


.. image:: aes_menu.png
    :class: with-shadow


- Click **Business profile**


.. image:: AES_for_Business_Profile.png
    :class: with-shadow


- Click **AES for business**


.. image:: aes_business.png
    :class: with-shadow


Here you will find basic information about the setup process.

- Click **Start registration**

.. image:: aes_register2.png
    :class: with-shadow

You will be taken to a form to provide information necessary to register for AES for Business. Once the form is submitted, the AES for Business registration has been initialized.

Commit message:

[] Quick-fix AES for Business registration
  Please be aware that setting up AES for Business may take up to 4-6 weeks. For more information on pricing, visit our `Pricing page`_.

source/aes/AESsetup.rst, after:

.. _aes-setup:

===========================
Setting up AES for Business
===========================

.. _aes-setup:

===========================
Setting up AES for Business
===========================

.. NOTE::
  Please be aware that setting up AES for Business may take up to 4-6 weeks. For more information on pricing, visit our `Pricing page`_.

.. _Pricing page: https://www.skribble.com/en/pricing/
  
To set up AES for Business for your company, we'll need the following information:
  - Company domain (e.g. yourcompany.com)
  - Commercial register number of your company
  - Name and e-mail address of an internal contact person

You can request AES for Business from your Business profile.


- Click **Business profile** in the lower left


.. image:: AES_for_Business_Profile.png
    :class: with-shadow


- Go to **AES for Business** and click **Start registration**

.. image:: aes_register2.png
    :class: with-shadow


- You'll be taken to a form to provide your company details

- Once you submit the form, the AES for Business registration will start
