source/quickstart/onboard.rst, before:

.. quickstart-onboard:

===============
Getting Started
===============

Now that you’ve set up Skribble Business for your company, we recommend that you start with adding your team members to enable them to sign electronically. Here’s a quick guide on how to do it.

- **Adding team members to Skribble Business**

You can add your team members by:

- Adding each team member individually by e-mail (`Learn more in this guide`_) or by

.. _Learn more in this guide: https://docs.skribble.com/business-admin/members/adding.html#adding-members-by-e-mail

- Adding your company e-mail domain (`Click here for guidance`_)

.. _Click here for guidance: https://docs.skribble.com/business-admin/members/adding.html#adding-members-by-domain

- **Having team members’ identities verified**

Your team members will need to verify their identities to sign documents electronically. Skribble offers various identification methods depending on your individual use case and the e-signature standard required.

.. NOTE::
   You might find our `e-signature standards page`_ helpful.
   
   .. _e-signature standards page: https://www.skribble.com/signaturestandards
   
   
**Advanced electronic signature (AES)**

Your team members will need a mobile number or a verified company e-mail address to sign with AES.

  - **Mobile phone number**
  
Anyone with a mobile phone number can sign with AES without any further identification.

 - **Verified company e-mail address**
  
Registering your company e-mail domain with Skribble will enable your entire company to sign with AES. Anyone who creates a Skribble account using a company e-mail address and is a member of your Skribble Business will be able to sign with AES right away. `Learn more about AES for Business`_.

   .. _Learn more about AES for Business: https://docs.skribble.com/business-admin/aes/setup.html
   
   
**Qualified electronic signature (QES)**

To sign documents with the QES, your team members can choose between `face-to-face identification`_ or identification via `video call`_ (to sign under EU law).
   
   .. _face-to-face identification: https://www.skribble.com/identification/
   
   .. _video call: https://www.videoident.me/ch/de/
   
   
- **Face-to-face**
   
You can choose between 2 options:

- Your team members can make an appointment at one of our partner locations to verify their identity.

- To verify your entire team, our staff can come to your office and train one person. They can then verify everyone else in your team. 

Do you plan to add new members to your Skribble Business regularly? We recommend a one-time training for one employee in this case. After the training, they will be able to verify other employees, customers, or even suppliers independently using the RA app of Swisscom. `Learn more about how it works`_.

 .. _Learn more about how it works: https://www.skribble.com/identification/

- **Via video call** (to sign under EU law only)

Video identification allows employees in your company to do the identity check online. It takes less than 5 minutes and can be done anytime, anywhere. `Learn more about video identification here`_ (in German only).

 .. _Learn more about video identification here: https://www.videoident.me/ch/de/

After successful identification, your team members will be ready to sign with QES under EU law.


.. NOTE::
   Video identification is only permitted for signing with the qualified electronic signature (QES) under EU law. If you want to sign with QES under Swiss law, you'll need to go through a `face-to-face identification offered at our partner locations`_ in Switzerland.

 .. _face-to-face identification offered at our partner locations: https://trustservices.swisscom.com/en/srs-direct/

Not sure what identification method fits your company best or need help adding your team members to Skribble Business? Get in touch with our support team at `support@skribble.com`_. We'll be happy to help you in finding the right solution.

 .. _support@skribble.com: support@skribble.com

Commit message:

Updated content about video identification

source/quickstart/onboard.rst, after:

.. quickstart-onboard:

===============
Getting Started
===============

Now that you’ve set up Skribble Business for your company, we recommend that you start with adding your team members to enable them to sign electronically. Here’s a quick guide on how to do it.

- **Adding team members to Skribble Business**

You can add your team members by:

- Adding each team member individually by e-mail (`Learn more in this guide`_) or by

.. _Learn more in this guide: https://docs.skribble.com/business-admin/members/adding.html#adding-members-by-e-mail

- Adding your company e-mail domain (`Click here for guidance`_)

.. _Click here for guidance: https://docs.skribble.com/business-admin/members/adding.html#adding-members-by-domain

- **Having team members’ identities verified**

Your team members will need to verify their identities to sign documents electronically. Skribble offers various identification methods depending on your individual use case and the e-signature standard required.

.. NOTE::
   You might find our `e-signature standards page`_ helpful.
   
   .. _e-signature standards page: https://www.skribble.com/signaturestandards
   
   
**Advanced electronic signature (AES)**

Your team members will need a mobile number or a verified company e-mail address to sign with AES.

  - **Mobile phone number**
  
Anyone with a mobile phone number can sign with AES without any further identification.

 - **Verified company e-mail address**
  
Registering your company e-mail domain with Skribble will enable your entire company to sign with AES. Anyone who creates a Skribble account using a company e-mail address and is a member of your Skribble Business will be able to sign with AES right away. `Learn more about AES for Business`_.

   .. _Learn more about AES for Business: https://docs.skribble.com/business-admin/aes/setup.html
   
   
**Qualified electronic signature (QES)**

To sign documents with the QES, your team members can choose between the identification via video call, mobile app and face-to-face on site (if you're based in Switzerland).
   
   
- **Face-to-face**
   
You can choose between 2 options:

- Your team members can make an appointment at one of our partner locations to verify their identity.

- To verify your entire team, our staff can come to your office and train one person. They can then verify everyone else in your team. 

Do you plan to add new members to your Skribble Business regularly? We recommend a one-time training for one employee in this case. After the training, they will be able to verify other employees, customers, or even suppliers independently using the RA app of Swisscom. `Learn more about how it works`_.

 .. _Learn more about how it works: https://www.skribble.com/identification/

- **Live video call or mobile app**

Identification via live video call or mobile app allows employees in your company to verify their identity online from their Skribble account. It takes less than 5 minutes and can be done anytime, anywhere.

After successful identification, your team members will be ready to sign with QES under EU law or Swiss law or both.


Not sure what identification method fits your company best or need help adding your team members to Skribble Business? Get in touch with our support team at `support@skribble.com`_. We'll be happy to help you in finding the right solution.

 .. _support@skribble.com: support@skribble.com
