source/quickstart/trial.rst, before:

.. _trial:

============================
Starting a free 30-day trial
============================

Skribble offers a free trial month to new customers. You won’t be charged during the free trial, and you can cancel at any time.

Here’re some of the noteworthy things you should know about the trial period.

  - **50 signatures included**
  
Your free trial includes 50 signatures that you can use free of charge during the trial period.
  
  - **Cancel at any time**
  
You can cancel the trial at any time. If you don’t, Skribble Business will continue to run automatically after the trial expires, and your credit card will be charged with the applicable monthly or yearly fee.
  
  - **A valid credit card is required to get started**
  
We’ll ask for your credit card information, but you won’t be charged until the trial ends. Having this information makes sure there won’t be any interruptions in case you decide to continue using Skribble after the trial period.

Would you like to test Skribble for free for 30 days? Follow `this guide`_ to start your free trial.

.. _this guide: https://docs.skribble.com/business-admin/quickstart/upgrade.html


Cancelling free trial
---------------------

.. NOTE::
  Cancelling your free trial will automatically delete Skribble Business and transfer all members to the **Skribble Free** plan.

To cancel your free trial:

- From your Business profile, click **Billing**

  
  .. image:: step_1_billing.png
    :class: with-shadow
    
  
  
- Navigate to **Current plan** and click the **pencil** icon


  .. image:: step_2_pencil2.png
    :class: with-shadow
    
    
    
  
- Click **Cancel free trial**


  .. image:: step3_cancel_trial2.png
    :class: with-shadow
    
    
    
- Click **Yes, cancel free trial** to confirm that you really want to cancel the trial and delete Skribble Business
  
  
  .. image:: step_4_confirm_cancel2.png
    :class: with-shadow

Commit message:

[WIP] Content update SB deleted
Added a note about what happens to documents after SB is deleted.

source/quickstart/trial.rst, after:

.. _trial:

============================
Starting a free 30-day trial
============================

Skribble offers a free trial month to new customers. You won’t be charged during the free trial, and you can cancel at any time.

Here’re some of the noteworthy things you should know about the trial period.

  - **50 signatures included**
  
Your free trial includes 50 signatures that you can use free of charge during the trial period.
  
  - **Cancel at any time**
  
You can cancel the trial at any time. If you don’t, Skribble Business will continue to run automatically after the trial expires, and your credit card will be charged with the applicable monthly or yearly fee.
  
  - **A valid credit card is required to get started**
  
We’ll ask for your credit card information, but you won’t be charged until the trial ends. Having this information makes sure there won’t be any interruptions in case you decide to continue using Skribble after the trial period.

Would you like to test Skribble for free for 30 days? Follow `this guide`_ to start your free trial.

.. _this guide: https://docs.skribble.com/business-admin/quickstart/upgrade.html


Cancelling free trial
---------------------

.. NOTE::
  Cancelling your free trial will automatically delete Skribble Business and transfer all members to the **Skribble Free** plan. Your members will keep seeing their documents in their personal Skribble account.

To cancel your free trial:

- From your Business profile, click **Billing**

  
  .. image:: step_1_billing.png
    :class: with-shadow
    
  
  
- Navigate to **Current plan** and click the **pencil** icon


  .. image:: step_2_pencil2.png
    :class: with-shadow
    
    
    
  
- Click **Cancel free trial**


  .. image:: step3_cancel_trial2.png
    :class: with-shadow
    
    
    
- Click **Yes, cancel free trial** to confirm that you really want to cancel the trial and delete Skribble Business
  
  
  .. image:: step_4_confirm_cancel2.png
    :class: with-shadow
