source/account/signature-protocol.rst, before:

.. _signature-protocol:

=================================
Downloading Signature Protocol 🆕
=================================

.. NOTE::
   This feature is only available to Skribble Enterprise customers.

Think of a signature protocol as a history of the recipients' activities of a signature invitation. Need to know who viewed or signed the document with which e-signature standard or who declined to sign? Instead of logging into your account to check the information for each document one by one, you can download the signature protocol as a PDF and file it with the signed copy. This comes in handy for your compliance team or anyone else on your team if they ever need this information.

Here’s how to download a signature protocol:

- Go to **Documents** and open the document you want
- Click on the **3 dots** at the top-right
- Click on **Signature protocol** to download it
- **Alternative:** Click on the **tooltip i** at the top-right of the document. Then select an **icon** that looks like a document and says **Signature protocol** when you hover over it.
- Open the downloaded signature protocol, and file it with the signed copy of a document if you need

**Understanding signature protocol**

What information you see in the protocol depends on whether a signature invitation was created on our platform or directly from your tools, or the e-signature standard used, and other factors. The information below should help you understand signature protocols.

- **Document title**
- **Signature invitation ID**
- **Number of signatures**
- **Document and signature invitation status**
      • Open – some signatures are still pending
      • Signed – all recipients finished signing the document
      • Declined – one of the recipients declined to sign the document
      • Withdrawn – the person inviting to sign has withdrawn the invitation
      
- **Participants and their details**

Participants are all recipients of a signature invitation, including observers who aren't signing themselves and API users. You'll see their name, e-mail address, phone number, user ID, and business they belong to

- **Activity details** (such as date, time, and IP address)

You'll see when a document, signature or signature protocol was: created, viewed, updated, signed, assigned, declined, withdrawn, downloaded.

- **Observers**

Added or removed observers of a signature invitation

- **Visual signature**

If your company uses electronic seals, you'll see their visual representation in the protocol instead of a visual signature.

- **Signature ID**

- **E-signature standard used**
      • Simple electronic signature (SES)
      • Advanced electronic signature (AES)
      • Qualified electronic signature (QES)
      
- **Legislation**
      • eIDAS for European law
      • ZertES for Swiss law
      
- **Digital certificate details**

This includes certificate subject, issuer, and serial number.

Commit message:

[WIP] NEW: Biz settings
Update the following articles: 
- signature protocol 
- document deletion
- signature reminders

source/account/signature-protocol.rst, after:

.. _signature-protocol:

==================
Signature Protocol
==================

.. NOTE::
   Signature protocols are available to Skribble Enterprise customers. You can have them sent by e-mail to all recipients after everyone has signed.

**What is a signature protocol?**

Think of a signature protocol as a history of all recipients' activities. Need to know who viewed or signed the document with which e-signature standard or who declined to sign? Instead of checking each document in your account, your members can download the signature protocol as a PDF and archive it with the signed copy. This way, the compliance team or other stakeholders can easily access this information.

**Attaching signature protocols to the confirmation e-mail**

As an admin, you can decide if protocols of signed documents should be sent by e-mail to all recipients after everyone has signed. Or, let your team members decide this themselves for each document. Here's how it works:

- From your Skribble Business, click **Settings** in the lower left

-  Go to **Attachments to confirmation e-mails**

- Check the box next to **Signed document** or **Signature protocol** or both

- If you want your members to decide this themselves, slide the switch to the right

- Depending on your choice, your members can decide if they want to attach these documents to the e-mail sent to all recipients after signing.


**Here’s how your members can download a signature protocol:**

- Go to **Documents** and open the document you want
- Click on the **3 dots** at the top-right
- Click on **Signature protocol** to download it
- **Alternative:** Click on the **tooltip i** at the top-right of the document. Then select an **icon** that looks like a document and says **Signature protocol** when you hover over it.
- Open the downloaded signature protocol, and file it with the signed copy of a document if you need

**Understanding signature protocol**

The information in the protocol depends on whether a signature invitation was created on our platform or directly from your tools, the e-signature standard used, and other things. The following information should help you understand signature protocols:

- **Document title**
- **Signature invitation ID**
- **Number of signatures**
- **Document and signature invitation status**
      • Open – some signatures are still pending
      • Signed – all recipients finished signing the document
      • Declined – one of the recipients declined to sign the document
      • Withdrawn – the person who sent the invitation has withdrawn it
      
- **Participants and their details**

Participants are all recipients of a signature invitation, including observers who aren't signing themselves and API users. You'll see their name, e-mail address, phone number, user ID, and business they belong to

- **Activity details** (such as date, time, and IP address)

You'll see when a document, signature or signature protocol was: created, viewed, updated, signed, assigned, declined, withdrawn, or downloaded.

- **Observers**

Added or removed observers of a signature invitation

- **Visual signature**

If your company uses electronic seals, you'll see their visual representation in the protocol instead of a visual signature.

- **Signature ID**

- **E-signature standard used**
      • Simple electronic signature (SES)
      • Advanced electronic signature (AES)
      • Qualified electronic signature (QES)
      
- **Legislation**
      • eIDAS for European law
      • ZertES for Swiss law
      
- **Digital certificate details**

This includes certificate subject, issuer, and serial number.
