source/integrations/google.rst, before:

.. _google:

====================================
Set Up Signing From Google Drive 🆕
====================================

.. NOTE::
 Skribble Electronic Signature plug-in is only available to Skribble Business customers. If you haven't set up Skribble Business yet, check this `guide`_.

  .. _guide: https://docs.skribble.com/business-admin/quickstart/upgrade

With the Skribble Electronic Signature plug-in, companies, departments, and teams can sign and get documents signed from within their favourite tools.

You can set up signing for yourself only or for the whole company. However, we recommend company-wide implementation, which we describe below. 

To connect Google Drive with Skribble Business, you’ll need:

•	**Google Drive admin access**
•	**Skribble API credentials**
•	**Skribble Electronic Signature plug-in**

We recommend that the Google Drive admin sets up the Skribble Electronic Signature plug-in. Skribble Business admins might not have all the necessary rights to finish the setup.


**Step-by-step guide for Google Drive admins to connect Google Drive with Skribble**

.. NOTE::
 Before starting, make sure you have Skribble API credentials ready (username and API key).

You can get these from your company's Skribble Business admin. Skribble Business admins: `click here for guidance`_.

  .. _click here for guidance: https://docs.skribble.com/business-admin/api/apicreate.html
  
- Go to `G Suite Marketplace`_ to get the plug-in

  .. _G Suite Marketplace: https://workspace.google.com/marketplace/app/skribble_electronic_signature/313457989260
  
- Click **Install**
  
- Read the information displayed, accept the terms of service and privacy policy if you agree with them and click **Continue**
  
You’ll be asked to allow access to finish installation.

- Click **Allow** if you agree

After installing the plug-in, finish the setup to connect Google Drive with Skribble. You’ll need Google Drive admin rights for this.
  
- Go to **Google Admin Console**
  
- Log in using your **Admin account**

- Navigate to **Apps**, then **Google Workspace Marketplace apps**

- Go to **Skribble Electronic Signature**
  
- Scroll down to **Go to Skribble Electronic Signature for configuration**
  
- Select your **Admin account** from the list
  
- Enter **Skribble API credentials** (username and API key)
  
- That’s it; you’ve connected Google Drive with Skribble
  
Everyone in your company can now sign with Skribble from Google Drive. We recommend that you inform all employees about it. Here’s a `quick guide`_ if they need a hand with signing from Google Drive.

  .. _quick guide: http://docs.skribble.com/business-admin/integrations/sign-google-drive

Commit message:

Added instructions on how to deinstall the plug-in

source/integrations/google.rst, after:

.. _google:

====================================
Set Up Signing From Google Drive 🆕
====================================

.. NOTE::
 Skribble Electronic Signature plug-in is only available to Skribble Business customers. If you haven't set up Skribble Business yet, check this `guide`_.

  .. _guide: https://docs.skribble.com/business-admin/quickstart/upgrade

With the Skribble Electronic Signature plug-in, companies, departments, and teams can sign and get documents signed from within their favourite tools.

You can set up signing for yourself only or for the whole company. However, we recommend company-wide implementation, which we describe below. 

To connect Google Drive with Skribble Business, you’ll need:

•	**Google Drive admin access**
•	**Skribble API credentials**
•	**Skribble Electronic Signature plug-in**

We recommend that the Google Drive admin sets up the Skribble Electronic Signature plug-in. Skribble Business admins might not have all the necessary rights to finish the setup.


**Step-by-step guide for Google Drive admins to connect Google Drive with Skribble**

.. NOTE::
 Before starting, make sure you have Skribble API credentials (username and API key) ready.

You can get these from your company's Skribble Business admin. Skribble Business admins: `click here for guidance`_.

  .. _click here for guidance: https://docs.skribble.com/business-admin/api/apicreate.html
  
- Go to `G Suite Marketplace`_ to get the plug-in

  .. _G Suite Marketplace: https://workspace.google.com/marketplace/app/skribble_electronic_signature/313457989260
  
- Click **Install**
  
- Read the information displayed, accept the terms of service and privacy policy if you agree with them and click **Continue**
  
You’ll be asked to allow access to finish installation.

- Click **Allow** if you agree

After installing the plug-in, finish the setup to connect Google Drive with Skribble. You’ll need Google Drive admin rights for this.
  
- Go to **Google Admin Console**
  
- Log in using your **Admin account**

- Navigate to **Apps**, then **Google Workspace Marketplace apps**

- Go to **Skribble Electronic Signature**
  
- Scroll down to **Go to Skribble Electronic Signature for configuration**
  
- Select your **Admin account** from the list
  
- Enter **Skribble API credentials** (username and API key)
  
- That’s it; you’ve connected Google Drive with Skribble
  
Everyone in your company can now sign with Skribble from Google Drive. We recommend that you inform all employees about it. Here’s a `quick guide`_ if they need a hand with signing from Google Drive.

  .. _quick guide: http://docs.skribble.com/business-admin/integrations/sign-google-drive
  
  
  **Uninstalling the plug-in**
  
To uninstall the plug-in from your admin account:

- Click on **Settings** in the upper right

- Go to **Manage Apps** and navigate to the plug-in

- Click on **Options** and selec **Disconnect from Drive**
