source/integrations/microsoft.rst, before:

.. _microsoft:

===============================================
Setting up signing from OneDrive and SharePoint
===============================================

.. NOTE::
 Skribble Electronic Signature plug-in is only available with **Microsoft OneDrive for Business and Skribble Business**.

Skribble integrates with Microsoft OneDrive for Business and enables companies to sign and get documents signed directly from OneDrive and SharePoint Online.

If you already use OneDrive for Business and Skribble Business, you can connect them in just a few easy steps. To do so, you’ll need:

•	**Admin access to OneDrive for Business**
•	**Skribble API credentials**
•	**Skribble Electronic Signature plug-in**

We recommend that your OneDrive admin carries out the setup of the Skribble Electronic Signature plug-in. Skribble Business admins might not have all the necessary rights to finish the setup.


**Step-by-step guide for OneDrive admins to connect OneDrive for Business with Skribble**

.. NOTE::
 Before you get started, make sure you have your Skribble API credentials ready (username an API key).

You can get these from your company's Skribble Business admin. Skribble Business admins: `click here for guidance`_.

  .. _click here for guidance: https://docs.skribble.com/business-admin/api/apicreate.html

- Go to `Microsoft AppSource`_ and search for **Skribble Electronic Signature**
  
  .. _Microsoft AppSource: https://appsource.microsoft.com/
  
- Click **Get it now** and follow the instructions
  
- Click **Let’s get started** if you’re ready
  
- Log in with your **Microsoft admin account**

- You’ll be asked to allow access on behalf of your organisation to proceed

- Click **Accept** if you agree
  
- Enter **Skribble API credentials** (username and API key) to finish the setup

- That’s it; you’ve connected OneDrive for Business with Skribble
  
.. NOTE::
 It may take up to **48 hours** before everyone can sign from OneDrive and SharePoint.
 
In the meantime, we recommend sharing our `quick guide on signing with Skribble`_ with everyone in your company.
 
   .. _quick guide on signing with Skribble: https://docs.skribble.com/business-admin/integrations/sign-onedrive-sharepoint

Commit message:

Added direct link MS AppSource
https://appsource.microsoft.com/en/product/web-apps/skribbleag1597856521198.skribble-electronic-signature?tab=Overview

source/integrations/microsoft.rst, after:

.. _microsoft:

===============================================
Setting up signing from OneDrive and SharePoint
===============================================

.. NOTE::
 Skribble Electronic Signature plug-in is only available with **Microsoft OneDrive for Business and Skribble Business**.

Skribble integrates with Microsoft OneDrive for Business and enables companies to sign and get documents signed directly from OneDrive and SharePoint Online.

If you already use OneDrive for Business and Skribble Business, you can connect them in just a few easy steps. To do so, you’ll need:

•	**Admin access to OneDrive for Business**
•	**Skribble API credentials**
•	**Skribble Electronic Signature plug-in**

We recommend that your OneDrive admin carries out the setup of the Skribble Electronic Signature plug-in. Skribble Business admins might not have all the necessary rights to finish the setup.


**Step-by-step guide for OneDrive admins to connect OneDrive for Business with Skribble**

.. NOTE::
 Before you get started, make sure you have your Skribble API credentials ready (username an API key).

You can get these from your company's Skribble Business admin. Skribble Business admins: `click here for guidance`_.

  .. _click here for guidance: https://docs.skribble.com/business-admin/api/apicreate.html

- `Click here`_ to download the plug-in from Microsoft AppSource
  
  .. _Click here: https://appsource.microsoft.com/en/product/web-apps/skribbleag1597856521198.skribble-electronic-signature?tab=Overview
  
- Click **Get it now** and follow the instructions
  
- Click **Let’s get started** if you’re ready
  
- Log in with your **Microsoft admin account**

- You’ll be asked to allow access on behalf of your organisation to proceed

- Click **Accept** if you agree
  
- Enter **Skribble API credentials** (username and API key) to finish the setup

- That’s it; you’ve connected OneDrive for Business with Skribble
  
.. NOTE::
 It may take up to **48 hours** before everyone can sign from OneDrive and SharePoint.
 
In the meantime, we recommend sharing our `quick guide on signing with Skribble`_ with everyone in your company.
 
   .. _quick guide on signing with Skribble: https://docs.skribble.com/business-admin/integrations/sign-onedrive-sharepoint
